Update technical-support.md (#960)
argonne-lcf/user-guides: docs/support/technical-support.md

- [Aurora](../aurora/known-issues.md)
  
When emailing support, include:

- Your ALCF Username
- Your project shortname
- The system(s) you're having issues with (Polaris, Sophia, Aurora, etc.)

> - Additional information to help us debug your issue. See ["Job Failures"](./technical-support.md#job-failures), ["Python Issues"](./technical-support.md#python-issues), ["Installation/compilation issues"](./technical-support.md#installation-compiling-issues) sections below for additional details to be included in your ticket

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Additional information to help us debug your issue. See [Job Failures](./technical-support.md#job-failures), [Python Issues](./technical-support.md#python-issues), [Installation/compilation issues](./technical-support.md#installation-compiling-issues) sections below for additional details to be included in your ticket
```

Please note:

- Do NOT respond to closed tickets. Your response will **NOT** re-open the ticket.
- Do NOT use an existing ticket to ask for assistance on new topics. Instead, submit a new ticket by emailing Support.

 
## Mailing lists

> System outages and preventative maintenace schedules are sent to appropriate system mailing lists. See [this page](./mailing-lists.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
System outages and preventative maintenance schedules are sent to appropriate system [Mailing Lists](./mailing-lists.md).
```
